So you can see 2 tasks are running.
So let me stop both of them and then click on task definition and create new task definition EC2
next step.
And here you have to give the task definition name.
I'm giving nginx demo testing.
I'm giving number 1 and task role.
I'm giving the default one.
And here I'm going to choose the bridge and this one.
And for task size, it's optional with the EC2.
So let me directly click on Add Containers and here I'm giving nginx Web Server Demo 1 and nginx
Latest.
And this time I'm only choosing the soft limit and I'm giving 250.
Now the next is port mapping.
So that's very important if you are doing the dynamic port mapping.
So for host port, that is your EC2 instance here you have to give 0.
And the container port here I'm giving 80  because I know that my nginx web server runs on port number
80 and make sure the host port should be 0.
So what will happen here once you assign this task to the cluster?
Automatically it will assign one random port to the host port specifically to the container.
So here say for example, I have 2 container and let me come back to this PPT and try to explain here.
So here I have chosen dynamic port mapping, so I know that my nginx is running on port number 80, 80.
So here this container is running on port 80 and another container is also running on port number 80.
And we have chosen the dynamic port mapping.
So what will happen?
Allocate the random port to your host port.
So once the request is coming from the application load balancer and if will hit to the host port,
then it will come to that this port which has given randomly to the host, it will map to which container.
So here you need not to worry about all these things because this is going to be managed by your ECS cluster.
So here you just need to give 0 and 80 and then click on add and create.
So your task has been created.
Come back to your cluster and click on this EC2 Linux Cluster Demo task.
And create.
Click on run new task EC2.
And this one nginx demo testing 1 and this time I'm choosing 4 and task group.
1, I'm giving.
And then finally click on run task.
And here you can see all the task has been created this time.
Earlier we were getting the errors and coming back to my this task.
Now here you can see all of my 4 tasks is started running on this cluster.
And
here you can see it has given you all the details and all my 4 tasks is running.
Click on this ECS instances and here you can see this the running task.
It is showing 2 or 2 and coming back to my this instance and here let me go first inside any one
of the instance.
Okay I'm on my this instance and Docker container.
ls, So I'm getting some output and here you can see it has given you the port as well.
So 49154 is the host port which has been mapped to the 80 port of your container.
And this is the detail about my another container because we have 2 containers on each, EC2 instance.
So this is the host port of the another container and this has been redirected to 80.
Now coming back to this PPT.
So here, if the request is coming from the application load balancer and if it hits to the host port
of 49158 port, it will take you to the port number 80.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I will discuss more about it.